[WALLPAPERS] Reduce wallpapers (#6947)
reactos/reactos: modules/wallpapers/ReadMe.txt

Wallpapers
===========

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Filename                       | Author                                        | Origin
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Angelus.ReactOS7.Dark_4-3.jpg  | Forum user "Angelus" (jedi.knight@wanadoo.es) | https://reactos.org/forum/viewtopic.php?p=50543#p50543
Angelus.ReactOS7.Dark_16-9.jpg | Forum user "Angelus" (jedi.knight@wanadoo.es) | https://reactos.org/forum/viewtopic.php?p=50543#p50543
ReactOS_Mizu_4x3.png           | Forum user "Foxlet" (foxlet@furcode.co)       | https://jira.reactos.org/browse/CORE-15783
ReactOS_Mizu_16x9_B.png        | Forum user "Foxlet" (foxlet@furcode.co)       | https://jira.reactos.org/browse/CORE-15783
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> You can also download the other wallpapers from rapps "ReactOS Standard Wallpapers".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also download the other wallpapers from the "ReactOS Standard Wallpapers" package in the ReactOS Applications Manager.
```

# For UNIX users

>     ./configure.sh -DENABLE_WALLPAPERS=1

Reviewer: What's the change here?

Author: Newline added at the end of file.
